necessary.  If you see someone telling you ah 0.11 or something, you
really don't have to listen to him anymore.  So in addition of course,
according to the year he sees say this you will see the 9 years first season this is,
because this has special, so I saw this before they have revealed this year
this is no special frame so you expect the
whole fourth year  results, exactly
what that situation will be, so theoretically if the results of the year and the last year
compared with no reversal, then is the profit of the distribution is not to play
slippery, the dividend will not be over  Living
this interest rate relatively up to say this, is attractive good, the